======================================
April 15, 2015, #3 Project Night recap
======================================
:tags: ReactiveX, Brython, Functional Programming 
:authors: Janis Abele
:slug: 2015-04-15-recap
:status: draft

For the third time Project Night took place at `The Mill`_. It was great to see
increase in attendance. In pairs we worked on projects started in previous event
and tried out new things.

Thanks to those who helped out with beer and pizza.

Projects
========
Some projects are available at GitHub:

- `daGrevis/pong-py`_ - Pong_ remake in Brython_ a Python interpreter that runs
  in the browser. Worked on by well established duo  `daGrevis`_ and `siers`_.
- `zrks`_ 
- `algaruda`_ built and deployed simple `Kivy`_ mobile application.
- Inspired by `Go Reactive Workshop`_ and ReactiveX_, `gstrazds`_ and `abele`_ 
  tried to use combine `Rx` in desktop application.

Discussion
==========
- Learn functional programming in Javascript - a interactive tutorial teaching 
  functional programming and ReactiveX_ basics .
- Freelancing basic concepts.

Upcoming events
===============
- May 6th, 19:00, `ReactiveX Basics`_ at `TechHub Riga`_.
- May 20th, 19:00, `Project Night`_

.. note::

  Have something to say? `Propose a talk`_.

.. _The Mill: http://bit.ly/millriga
.. _daGrevis/pong-py: http://bit.ly/1EgfnsL
.. _Pong: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pong
.. _Brython: http://brython.info/
.. _daGrevis: https://github.com/daGrevis/
.. _siers: https://github.com/siers/
.. _zrks: https://github.com/zrks/
.. _algaruda: https://github.com/algaruda/
.. _Kivy: http://kivy.org/#home
.. _Go Reactive Workshop: http://www.meetup.com/Latvian-Developers-Network/events/220739388/
.. _ReactiveX: http://reactivex.io/
.. _gstrazds: https://github.com/gstrazds/
.. _abele: https://github.com/abele/
.. _Rx: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Rx

.. _ReactiveX Basics: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221748871/
.. _TechHub Riga: http://bit.ly/techhub-riga
.. _Project Night: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221520795/

.. _propose a talk: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-c4s
