March 4, 2015, #29 Meetup - April Fools' Day
============================================
:date: 2015-04-01 23:36:02+03:00
:tags: Python, pizza, free form
:authors: Janis Abele
:slug: 2015-04-01-recap

On Wednesday, April 1st, our monthly meetup took place at `TechHub Riga`_. And
that wasn't a joke, real meetup with a real people.
Pizza and cookies were provided courtesy of EGlobal, who have a bunch of 
pythonistas here in Latvia.

This time it was bit different. Instead of presentation we enjoyed food and had
circle of trust, chatting about a things that interests us. We shared our ideas
and opinions about languages, projects and unpredictable future.

Discussions
-----------

Processing large datasets
`````````````````````````
- http://blaze.pydata.org/en/latest/ - Blaze translates a subset of modified
  NumPy and Pandas-like syntax to databases and other computing systems. Blaze
  allows Python users a familiar interface to query data living in other data
  storage systems.
- https://into.readthedocs.org/en/latest/ - Data migration utilities
- http://lxml.de/sax.html - lxml support for SAX.
- http://wikisearch.net - Live Clusterpoint database technology demonstration

Freelancing
```````````
- http://devchat.tv/freelancers/ - Freelancing podcast.
- http://doubleyourfreelancing.com/ - Brennan Dunn on freelancing.
- http://www.toptal.com/ - Hire the top 3% of freelance developers.

Duck Typing
```````````
- http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?DuckTyping
- http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/slides/2013-03-pycon/ and video at
  https://youtu.be/YklKUuDpX5c - The Naming of Ducks: Where Dynamic Types Meet
  Smart Conventions

StackOverflow data
``````````````````
- https://archive.org/details/stackexchange - Stack Exchange Data Dump. Torrent
  file with XML files.

Web scraping
````````````
- http://jakeaustwick.me/python-web-scraping-resource/ - Python web scraping 
  resource
- https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#web-crawling - Libraries for scraping
  websites.
- http://scrapy.org/ - An open source and collaborative framework for extracting
  the data you need from websites. In a fast, simple, yet extensible way.
- https://github.com/jmcarp/robobrowser - RoboBrowser: Your friendly
  neighborhood web scraper
- http://www.binpress.com/tutorial/manipulating-pdfs-with-python/ - PDF
  scraping.
- http://www.one-tab.com/page/SUeJFBWUQkKaCsl6rsfB2g - web scraping article
  compilation.

Data science
````````````
- http://pandas.pydata.org/ - Python Data Analysis Library
- http://scikit-learn.org/ - Machine Learning in Python
- http://gmvault.org/ - Gmvault Gmail Backup, to get your email as dataset.
- http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920023784.do - Python for Data Analysis
  Data Wrangling with Pandas, NumPy, and IPython
- http://peekaboo-vision.blogspot.com/2013/01/machine-learning-cheat-sheet-for-scikit.html
  Machine Learning Cheat Sheet (for scikit-learn)

Online courses:

- http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920029182.do - Thinking with Data
  How to Turn Information into Insights
- http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920028918.do - Data Science for Business
  What you need to know about data mining and data-analytic thinking
- http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9781118661468.do - Data Smart
  Using Data Science to Transform Information into Insight. 
  Trailer for the book http://www.john-foreman.com/data-smart-book.html

Upcoming events
---------------
- 2015-04-15 19:00, `Project night`_ at `The Mill`_.
- 2015-05-06 19:00, `Monthly meetup with presentation`_ at `TechHub Riga`_.

Have something to say? `Propose a talk`_.

.. _TechHub Riga: http://bit.ly/techhub-riga
.. _The Mill: http://bit.ly/millriga

.. _Project night: http://bit.ly/pn-3
.. _Monthly meetup with presentation: http://bit.ly/pythonlv30

.. _Propose a talk: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-c4s
