======================================
April 15, 2015, #3 Project Night recap
======================================
:date: 2015-04-29 18:35:54+03:00
:tags: ReactiveX, Brython, Functional Programming, Remakes
:authors: Janis Abele
:slug: 2015-04-15-recap

It was great to see growth in attendance and interest. After short a
introduction and discussion on things we would like to try out, we got down to
the work. We split in pairs and continued existing projects or played around
with new technology.

Thanks to those who helped out with a beer and pizza.

Projects
========
Some projects are available at GitHub:

- `daGrevis/pong-py`_ - Pong_ remake in Brython_ a Python interpreter that runs
  in the browser. Worked on by well established duo  daGrevis_ and siers_.
- zrks_ with SangSatori_ researched available frameworks to build Karogs_ remake
  in browser.
- algaruda_ built and deployed simple `Kivy`_ mobile application.
- Inspired by `Go Reactive Workshop`_ and ReactiveX_, gstrazds_ and abele_
  tried to use combine Rx_ in desktop application.

Discussion
==========
- Learn functional programming in Javascript - a interactive tutorial teaching
  functional programming and ReactiveX_ basics.
- Freelancing basic concepts.

Upcoming events
===============
- May 6th, 19:00, `ReactiveX Basics`_ at `TechHub Riga`_.
- May 20th, 19:00, `Project Night`_

**Have something to say?** `Propose a talk`_.

.. _The Mill: http://bit.ly/millriga
.. _daGrevis/pong-py: http://bit.ly/1EgfnsL
.. _Pong: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pong
.. _Brython: http://brython.info/
.. _daGrevis: https://github.com/daGrevis/
.. _siers: https://github.com/siers/
.. _zrks: https://github.com/zrks/
.. _Karogs: http://dl.tilde.lv/download/TildesBirojs/HTML.Help/index.html?stratciiska_spcle_karogs.htm
.. _SangSatori:  https://github.com/SangSatori/
.. _algaruda: https://github.com/algaruda/
.. _Kivy: http://kivy.org/#home
.. _Go Reactive Workshop: http://www.meetup.com/Latvian-Developers-Network/events/220739388/
.. _ReactiveX: http://reactivex.io/
.. _gstrazds: https://github.com/gstrazds/
.. _abele: https://github.com/abele/
.. _Rx: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Rx

.. _ReactiveX Basics: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221748871/
.. _TechHub Riga: http://bit.ly/techhub-riga
.. _Project Night: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221520795/

.. _propose a talk: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-c4s
