March 4, 2015, #28 Meetup - Python on smartphones recap
=======================================================
:date: 2015-03-09 00:30
:tags: Python, Kivy, iOS, Android
:authors: Janis Abele
:slug: 2015-03-04-recap

On Wednesday, March 4th, our monthly meetup took place at `TechHub Riga`_. 
Pizza and cookies were provided courtesy of EGlobal, who have a bunch of 
pythonistas here in Latvia.

Kivy
----
**Aigars Mahinovs** (http://aigarius.com/) showed us how to build Android and
iOS application with Kivy_.

Kivy is a Open source Python library for rapid development of applications
that make use of innovative user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps.
It runs on Linux, Windows, OS X, Android and iOS. You can run the same code on
all supported platforms. It can use natively most inputs, protocols and devices. 

Only drawback is lack of native look and feel. But there is some work done in
this direction.

Links from presentation
-----------------------

- http://kivy.org/ - Open source Python library for rapid development of
  applications
- https://github.com/kivy/plyer - Plyer is a platform-independent api to use
  features commonly found on various platforms, notably mobile ones, in Python.
- https://github.com/kivy/buildozer - Generic Python packager for Android, iOS
  and Desktop
- https://github.com/aigarius/simplekivy - simple kivy application example by
  Aigars
- http://kivy.org/docs/examples/gen__demo__camera_puzzle__py.html - This
  demonstrates using Scatter widgets with a live camera. 
- http://pythonprogramming.net/kivy-application-navigation/ - adding better
  navigation in Kivy

Upcoming events
---------------
- March 18th 19:00, `Project night`_ at `The Mill`_.
- April 1st 19:00, `Generative Testing`_ at `TechHub Riga`_.

Have something to say? `Propose a talk`_.

.. _Kivy: http://kivy.org/
.. _TechHub Riga: http://bit.ly/techhub-riga
.. _The Mill: http://bit.ly/millriga
.. _Generative Testing: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221104620/
.. _propose a talk: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-c4s
.. _Project night: http://bit.ly/pn-2
