February 4, 2015, NLTK meetup recap
===================================
:date: 2015-08-15
:tags: Python, NLTK, Sentiment analysis, Flask, SQLAlchemy
:authors: Janis Abele
:slug: 2015-02-04-recap

Wednesday February 4 another one of our monthly meetups took place at
`TechHub Riga`_. The 27th to be precise. Pizza and cookies were on EGlobal,
our first sponsor. We have decided to have our `monthly workshop`_ at `The
Mill`_.

NLTK
----
Alberts Pumpurs (@pumours_) advice on using `NLTK`_ in real project, is to
convince business of provided value aka money. You have to remember it's just a
toolkit with a bunch of tools you have to compose to get desired result. For
analysis of English text you get `corpora` for free. For Latvian analysis you are
you have to do it for on your own, for example, compilation his
`Latvian positive and negative sentiment wods`_.

Take a look at his Presentation_. If you squint you can see some code examples
there.

Overfitting is a problem.
Choosing dataset for your model image
Test set size


Evening closed out with discussion on SQLAlchemy sessions in Flask applications.
If not careful they they can lead to subtle bugs like sharing information
between users. So RTFM and consult experts.

Our `next meetup`_ will be held on March 4th in wonderful `TechHub Riga`_
premises.


.. _TechHub Riga: http://bit.ly/techhub-riga
.. _monthly workshop: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-ws-1
.. _The Mill: http://bit.ly/millriga
.. _@pumours: http://bit.ly/1JKU0C4
.. _NLTK: http://bit.ly/1Ag8AQ8
.. _Presentation: http://slidesha.re/1Ag8iIR
.. _Latvian positive and negative sentiment wods: http://bit.ly/1Cm86D2
.. _corpora: http://bit.ly/1Cm8gKN
.. _next meetup: http://bit.ly/pythonlv28
