March 18, 2015, #2 Project Night recap
======================================
:date: 2015-03-19
:tags: Python, Table Tennis, Ping Pong, Brython, Markov chain, Pair-programming
:authors: Janis Abele
:slug: 2015-03-18-recap

Our second monthly workshop took place at `The Mill`_. Thanks to those who
helped out with beer and pizza. We worked on projects started in previous event
and started a couple of new ones.

Projects
--------

Results of this workshop are available at GitHub:

- `daGrevis/pong-py`_ - old school game of pong done in Brython_ and runs in
  the browser. Worked on by `daGrevis`_ and `siers`_.
- `zrks/Markov`_ - Markov chains for http://developers.lv IRC chat log. Worked on
  by `zrks`_ and `SpiegS`_.
- There was attempt at contributing to 
  `andreyfedoseev/django-static-precompiler`_ , but after research we realized
  that there wasn't a trivial solution for a problem.


Discussion
----------

Pair-Programming Styles
```````````````````````
Driver-Navigator
  One member has the keyboard and control of the input. Their job is to type and
  focus on the minute-to-minute coding. The other member is the navigator. Their
  job is to pay attention to the code being written, but keep the larger picture
  in mind, guiding the driver in the right direction. The pair should swap roes
  frequently.

Ping-Pong Pairing
  Has two basic forms. First is where one members takes role of test writer, and
  the other takes on the role of getting the tests pass.
  The second style of ping-pong is where one member writes tests and the other
  makes it pass and writes another test, then control is passed back.
  Both members are writing code frequently. 

What to look out for when pair-programming -  `Promiscuous Pairing and Beginner's Mind`_

Upcoming events
---------------
- April 1st, 19:00, `Generative Testing`_ at `TechHub Riga`_.
- April 15th, 19:00, `Project night`_ at `The Mill`_.

Have something to say? `Propose a talk`_.

.. _The Mill: http://bit.ly/millriga
.. _daGrevis/pong-py: http://bit.ly/1EgfnsL
.. _Brython: http://bit.ly/1EgfZ1z
.. _daGrevis: http://bit.ly/1Egfuog
.. _siers: http://bit.ly/1EgfAfy
.. _abele: http://bit.ly/1EgfDIe
.. _zrks: http://bit.ly/1EgfJQ8
.. _Python on smartphones: http://bit.ly/pythonlv28
.. _TechHub Riga: http://bit.ly/techhub-riga
.. _propose a talk: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-c4s
.. _zrks/Markov: https://github.com/zrks/Markov
.. _SpiegS: https://github.com/SpiegS
.. _andreyfedoseev/django-static-precompiler: https://github.com/andreyfedoseev/django-static-precompiler
.. _Promiscuous Pairing and Beginner's Mind: http://csis.pace.edu/~grossman/dcs/XR4-PromiscuousPairing.pdf
.. _Generative Testing: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221104620/
.. _Project night: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/221254495/
