================================================
February 10, 2016, Month's 1st `#PyNight`_ Recap
================================================
:date: 2016-02-12 04:43:40+03:00
:tags: Advice, Wisdom, Future Plans
:authors: Arnis Jaundžeikars
:slug: 2016-02-10-recap

This time `#PyNight`_ occurred in a more relaxed bar environment and laptops were kept closed making room for conversations covering a wild variety of topics while continuing to sketch out some future plans and formats for **PythonLV**.

Motivation, insight, reflection
===============================

- Difference between effectiveness_ vs. efficiency_, and why the right thing to do depends on unique circumstances.
- The importance of interpersonal relationships in both software development & personal life, and factors influencing them.
- Discussing vs. arguing, and the value of discourse for the right reasons.
- Common aspects found in `game systems`_ and real-world quest for success; effects of various substances and activities on one's well-being.
- Dependency chain between work, personal life, rest and curious playfulness and how they rely on each other.
- Different approaches to development: `The Cathedral and The Bazaar`_.

Practicalities of the physical world
====================================

- Improving one's physical ability, and how it depends on inner motivations and overlaying goals were hot topics between ivarsj10s_ and abele_.
- Recent experience with `Let's Encrypt`_ was discussed between abele_ and SangSatori_; verdict positive.
- Nuances and differences between the author and audience when making videos on software development.
- Sustainability and investing oneself in the right things personally, professionally and altruistically.

Future plans for PythonLV
=========================

We also discussed future ideas for group events of various kinds, ranging from book clubs to workshops to `leisure activities`_. Want to chime in and have your say? You can get in touch with `PythonLV on Gitter`_.

Upcoming events
===============
- February 24th, 19:00, next `#PyNight`_

**Have something to say?** `Propose a talk`_.

.. _abele: https://github.com/abele/
.. _ivarsj10s: https://github.com/ivarsj10s
.. _SangSatori: https://github.com/SangSatori
.. _effectiveness: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effectiveness
.. _efficiency: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Efficiency
.. _`The Cathedral and The Bazaar`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Cathedral_and_the_Bazaar
.. _`game systems`: https://minecraft.net/
.. _`Let's Encrypt`: https://letsencrypt.org/
.. _`leisure activities`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAN_party
.. _`PythonLV on Gitter`: https://gitter.im/pythonlv/pythonlv
.. _`propose a talk`: http://bit.ly/pythonlv-c4s
.. _`#PyNight`: http://www.meetup.com/python-lv/events/228781109/
